Google has become a soup of diverse businesses — much more than its original search function — so its co-founders moved Monday to change its structure to reflect its broad evolution.
The Mountain View, Calif., company will form a new parent company, called Alphabet, that will be run by Larry Page, co-founder and current CEO of Google — and will house Google, the search company, as well as Nest, its thermostat company, and Calico, a unit devoted to age and longevity, Google X and YouTube.
Page will become CEO of Alphabet, with co-founder Sergey Brin becoming Alphabet’s president. Vice Chairman Eric Schmidt will likewise retain his title for Alphabet.
Sundar Pichai, Google’s head of product and engineering for online businesses, will become CEO of Google Inc., a subsidiary that will include the search engine, YouTube, Android operating system and Chrome browser.
Indeed, Page signaled that he and Brin are looking for more room to focus on the Google X’s moonshot end of the business, which is chasing everything from driverless cars to a reversal of the
human aging process.
Ruth Porat, who recently joined as chief financial officer from Morgan Stanley, will retain her title at both Alphabet and the Google subsidiary.
Alphabet will replace Google as the publicly traded entity and all shares of Google will automatically convert into the same number of shares of Alphabet. The shares will continue to trade on Nasdaq as GOOGL and GOOG.

TIANJIN, China — This bustling port city about a 90-minute drive from the Chinese capital confronted scenes of death and devastation on Thursday — huge gray plumes of smoke, vast parking lots of charred vehicles, blocks of high-rises with blown-out windows — and questions about what had caused the terrifying explosions at a warehouse storing a witches’ brew of toxic chemicals.

As the fatalities reached 50 from the blasts on Wednesday night, rescue workers combed the rubble of the city’s flattened warehouse district for bodies while hundreds of people crowded hospitals.

At least 12 of the dead were firefighters who had responded to earlier reports of a blaze at the chemical storage site run by Ruihai International Logistics, a four-year-old company that unloads and stores hazardous cargo, the state news media and government officials said.

On Thursday afternoon, fires at the site continued to produce a steady cloud of smoke after Tianjin officials, unsure about the nature of the chemicals, decided to let the blazes burn out on their own. The state news media also reported that a military team of specialists in handling chemicals had been sent to Tianjin.

Residents of the Binhai district, frustrated by the lack of reliable information, said they were unsure whether the air was safe, and many people continued to wear disposable face masks throughout the day.

“Right now, we don’t know anything,” said Sun Meirong, 52, an office cleaner who trudged down 13 flights of stairs to safety with her 1-year-old grandson after the explosions blew in the windows and front door of her apartment.

Ruihai’s website was inaccessible, and calls to the company were met with a busy signal.

JERUSALEM — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not directly advise visiting Republican members of Congress how to vote on the Iran nuclear deal, the leader of the delegation told reporters on Thursday. The head of a Democratic Congressional group that visited Israel last week had said the same thing to journalists.

“He doesn’t tell us how to vote but he lays out concerns for the future about what the world could look like,” said Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the House majority leader who is spending the week in Israel along with 35 mostly new members.

Mr. McCarthy said that Mr. Netanyahu — the most vocal critic of the deal signed last month between the United States, five other world powers and Iran — fielded questions from the delegation for more than 90 minutes on Wednesday and was the “most concise” and “most succinct” he has ever seen him.

“He listened to everything and it was thoughtful and he answered directly from each question,” Mr. McCarthy said of the Israeli leader.

Congressional pilgrimages to the holy land are an annual rite of summer, coordinated by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, or Aipac, the powerful pro-Israel lobby.

If Congress votes to reject the deal, as expected, before the Sept. 17 deadline, President Obama plans to use his veto, so the critical question is whether Mr. McCarthy and other Republican leaders – and, at least indirectly, Mr. Netanyahu – can muster enough Democrats to override the veto, which requires a two-thirds majority.

Mr. McCarthy on Thursday refused to handicap the vote, and dashed doubt on recent comments by his Democratic counterpart, Representative Nancy Pelosi, that she had the votes to uphold the agreement.

The majority leader also rebuffed questions about Donald J. Trump’s turbulence or popularity on the presidential campaign trail, refused to say which of the 17 Republican candidates he might support, and rejected the notion that the crowded field hurt his party’s chances in 2016.

Huge Game of Thrones news: Ian McShane is coming to Westeros! The Emmy-winning British actor is joining Thrones season 6, EW has learned exclusively. The move returns the former Deadwood star to HBO for a role on the international fantasy sensation.

The show’s tight-lipped production will not reveal any details about McShane’s character, who’s coming on board for the most mysterious season yet. Thrones is preparing to dive headlong into narrative territory not yet revealed in author George R.R. Martin’s novels (and despite that opening sentence, McShane’s character could theoretically appear in Westeros or Essos or somewhere in between).

We can tell you, however, that sources say McShane has a relatively small amount of screen-time during the season, yet his character is of key importance.

McShane launched to American TV stardom by playing a mesmerizingly homicidal frontier kingpin Al Swearengen on Deadwood, then had roles in films Kung Fu Panda, Sexy Beast, Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides, John Wick and many others. His most recent regular TV gig was an arc on Showtime’s Ray Donovan. 

While Thrones has a reputation for making stars of its enormous ensemble cast more than casting already widely known performers, McShane is easily one of the most recognizable actors to ever sign on with the series. Plus, fans of his work—especially on the artfully written Deadwood—can easily imagine the actor fitting in with Thrones’ lawless world and chewing on the show’s Emmy-nominated dialogue. 

Thrones has started production on season 6 and is expected to return for 10 episodes next spring. Earlier this week, HBO’s programming president Michael Lombardo revealed that the network plans at least eight seasons of the show, a bump from the oft-reported seven season plan.

Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have made it official! 

The couple exchanged vows in front of more than 70 family members and friends on Wednesday at their Bel Air, California, home, sources confirm to PEOPLE. "Guests were told it was a birthday party for Justin," says a source. "Jen and Justin wanted to surprise guests and guests were certainly surprised." 

The star-studded guest list included Friends pals Courteney Cox and Lisa Kudrow, as well as Chelsea Handler, Howard Stern and Beth Ostrosky Stern, Jason Bateman, Emily Blunt and John Krasinski, Sandra Bullock, Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi, Will Arnett, Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer, Lake Bell and Scott Campbell, Terry Richardson, Jimmy Kimmel, Billy Crudup, Sia, Kathryn Hahn and Whitney Cummings. 

Party staffers were spotted bringing in a large cake topped with two puppet characters, and a man who appeared to be a pastor was seen arriving on the grounds, according to TMZ. Aniston, 46, and Theroux, 43, got engaged in August 2012 after more than a year of dating. 

"Justin was the best thing this decade," Aniston admits about her 40s. 

Theroux was equally as smitten with his longtime love, calling her "gorgeous" as he promoted his HBO series last year and admitting that their approach to marriage involved anything but cold feet. "We have hot feet," he joked. 

The Friends star added that Theroux may switch up his own chunky gold ring – which currently spells out his name – now that he's a married man. 

"When we get married he will be wearing his ring. It just won't say Justin anymore," she said, adding that it may spell Jen "on the inside" instead. 
The couple first met on the set of Tropic Thunder in Hawaii in 2008. 

The twosome, who costarred in 2012's Wanderlust and were first romantically linked in May 2011, "both have the same work ethic and love to bounce ideas off each other," a source told PEOPLE in March 2014. "Jen seems more confident than ever, and they've become a great team." 

Jon Stewart ended his 16-year, 2,600-episode run on Comedy Central’s “The Daily Show” Thursday night with a celeb- and tear-filled 50 minutes featuring show alums Stephen Colbert, Steve Carrell and future “Daily Show” host Trevor Noah.
Those who’ve been zinged by Stewart over the years also had their (tongue-in-cheek) final say, including Sen. John McCain, Bill O’Reilly and even Arby’s CEO Paul Brown (“It’s like your TV threw up on your face,” Brown joked about Stewart’s show). Bruce Springsteen closed with “Land of Hope and Dreams.”
Stewart’s finale averaged 3.5 million viewers — only the second-most-watched show during his tenure. His interview with then-presidential candidate Barack Obama in October 2008 averaged 3.6 million viewers.

Fox’s hit series “Empire” is making a lot of news as it prepares to launch its second season Sept. 23.
First, series creator Lee Daniels said that pop diva Mariah Carey — who was getting her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame — will appear on Season 2 in an unspecified role. Fox declined to comment on that one.
Then, the very next day, Fox announced that rapper Pitbull will appear in Season 2, both as a guest star and as a performer.
The hip-hop drama was last season’s breakout success with stars Terrence Howard, Emmy nominee Taraji P. Henson, Jussie Smollett, Trai Beyers and Bryshere Gray.

Eiffel Tower, Paris Moulin Rouge Show and Seine River Cruise

Enjoy a memorable night out in Paris by combining a visit to the Eiffel Tower and Seine River cruise with a cabaret show at the Moulin Rouge. Enjoy dinner at the Eiffel Tower's 58 Tour Eiffel restaurant followed by a one-hour river cruise, or dine on board a Seine River dinner cruise followed by a 1-hour visit to the 2nd floor of the Eiffel Tower. Whichever option you choose, complete your night at the home of the Cancan, the famous Moulin Rouge in bohemian Montmartre.

You can choose between the following dinner in Paris packages Eiffel Tower Dinner: Enjoy a delicious 3-course meal at the specially designed, airship-style 58 Tour Eiffel restaurant, on the 1st floor of the Eiffel Tower. The elegant restaurant is 95 meters (311 feet) above sea level and 58 meters (190 feet) above ground level, with scenic views over the Seine to the Trocadero from its large picture windows. After dinner, take a one-hour evening cruise on the Seine River and tour Paris' floodlit monuments at night.Seine River Cruise Dinner:Enjoy a delicious 3-course meal on board the Marina de Paris restaurant boat whilst gliding down the Seine River. During your cruise you will see the most famous sites of Paris illuminated. Don't miss Notre Dame, the Louvre, Eiffel Tower and the stunning romantic bridges of Paris! After dinner you will take a 1-hour visit to the Eiffel Tower’s 2nd floor to enjoy stunning views across the whole city.

Planning a short break? Here are 10 great suggestions for the top destinations in Europe for a city break.
Venice
Venice never loses its capacity to enchant. Summer brings some of the most daunting crowds, but there's a reason why they come: the sheer loveliness of an exquisite city that seems miraculously built on water. Venice's churches and museums offer antique glories aplenty, but there is also a vibrant contemporary art scene, even away from the Art Biennale. Venice is a unique, magical place 365 days a year. But much of the time you'll be sharing that magic with thousands of other visitors.
Paris
Paris is one of the world's most beautiful cities (with its golden stone facades and famous monuments), and a vibrant, densely packed collection of villages. Behind the grandiose palaces and boulevards, you can discover intimate courtyards and gardens; behind historic façades are craft workshops and eminent research institutions. Perhaps the true clue to Paris’s appeal is that despite being one of the most visited cities in the world it is also intensely lived-in. With its flats, playgrounds, food markets and cafés, there is no empty heart in the centre; and you, too, can play at being a Parisian.
Rome
Rome's mild Mediterranean climate is a persuasive draw for visitors from the cool north, but the main draw will always be the pulsating energy of a place which lives life as a form of theatre. There are great neighbourhood trattorias, quirky shops and a buzzing aperitivo scene. The challenge is deciding what not to do: there are so many churches, archaeological sites, piazzas and paintings to see that a lifetime is hardly enough.
Amsterdam
Amsterdam has the buzz of a metropolis, with few big-city drawbacks. It’s small enough to walk or cycle almost anywhere you want, yet is rarely dull. Dinky gabled buildings, pretty bridges and quiet canals give it village-like charm, yet you’ll also find top-ranking art museums and one of the best orchestras in the world. Most of all, Amsterdam combines its glittering past with a wry, rough, rebellious contemporary edginess. Popular songs have it that spring’s the time to come tulip-plucking, but really any season in Amsterdam has its allure.
It's your first trip to New York City, and you're only staying for a three-day weekend. While it's impossible to take in all the excitement of the five boroughs in such a short time (lifelong NYC residents discover something new every day), you can still enjoy many of the City's essential attractions. Read on for a plan that will help you make the most of your time—these are the sights and sounds you must experience before you leave.

Day One (Midtown)
See the Skyline
New York City is defined by its skyline, and all city skylines are measured against New York's—the silhouette created by Manhattan's buildings is nothing short of iconic. In fact, NYC is home to more than 100 buildings measuring 500 feet or taller.

While you can feel this immensity everywhere in NYC, it's best experienced from the observatories at the Empire State Building and at Rockefeller Center's Top of the Rock. (After you've enjoyed the scenery from atop a skyscraper, you might long for a grounded vantage point that gives you a wide-angle perspective on Lower and Midtown Manhattan; you'll find that on day three of this itinerary, when you cross the Brooklyn Bridge and have a choice of lookouts from Brooklyn Bridge Park and the Brooklyn Heights Promenade.)

Walk Through Times Square
Times Square is where it all happens. Twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, the bright lights, big screens and bustling crowds perfectly embody the excitement of the city that never sleeps. For the greatest effect, visit after sunset—all that wattage will make you think it's still light out. And now that much of the area is closed to vehicles, you can safely stroll in the streets. While there, dine at one of the popular eateries on Restaurant Row (46th Street, between Eighth and Ninth Avenues) and shop in the huge flagship stores with spectacular extras that are attractions on their own (Toys "R" Us, for example, has an indoor Ferris wheel.) Still daylight? From Times Square, it's just a 15-minute stroll—heading north on Sixth Avenue, past classic sights like Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall—to the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), where you can visit one of the world's finest collections of contemporary art.

Give Your Regards to Broadway
Nobody does live theater like NYC. Whether you're into dramas, comedies or musicals, you'll find them all in the City's Theatre District, where Broadway shows burst with eye-popping sets, A-list celebrities and, above all, pizzazz. You can choose from long-running shows like Chicago and Mamma Mia!, newer smash musicals such as Kinky Boots and The Book of Mormon and projects featuring film stars like Matthew Broderick, Helen Mirren and Jake Gyllenhal in stage roles. All of the performances demonstrate why this famed NYC thoroughfare has become synonymous with theater itself. Visit the TKTS Discount Booth in Times Square for discounted tickets to some shows, and climb the red steps for an unmatched view of the area.
The Kennedy family is an American family of Irish descent who are prominent in American politics, government, and business. The first Kennedys to reside in America were Patrick Kennedy and Bridget Murphy, who sailed from Ireland to America in 1849. Their son, P.J., went into politics and business. P.J. and his wife, Mary Hickey, were the parents of businessman/politician Joe, Sr. The four sons of Joe, Sr. and philanthropist/socialite Rose Fitzgerald were: Joe, Jr., John, Robert, and Ted. John served as president, while Robert and Ted both became prominent senators. The Kennedys' political involvement has revolved around the Democratic Party. Harvard University educations have been common among them, and they have contributed heavily to that university's John F. Kennedy School of Government. The wealth and glamour of the family members, as well as their extensive and continuing involvement in public service, has elevated them to iconic status over the past half-century, with the Kennedys sometimes referred to as "America's Royal Family".

Joe, Sr. originally pinned his hopes on eldest son, Joe, Jr., to enter politics and be elected president. After Joe, Jr. was killed during World War II, however, those hopes later fell on his second son, John, to become president. Soon after John was elected in 1960, he, Robert, and Ted all held prominent positions in the federal government. They received intense publicity, often emphasizing their relative youth, allure, education, and future in politics. Between 1947 and 2011, there were 64 years with a Kennedy in elective office in Washington. This spans more than a quarter of the nation's existence.[1]

The family has been at the center of many tragedies, contributing to the idea of the "Kennedy curse". Rosemary was forced to undergo a lobotomy which crippled her entire life; John and Robert were both assassinated during the 1960s; Ted was involved in the Chappaquiddick incident in 1969, which caused the death of his young colleague, Mary Jo Kopechne; and Joe, Jr., Kathleen, and John Jr. all died in plane crashes.
Albert Einstein (14 March 1879 – 18 April 1955) was a German-born theoretical physicist. He developed the general theory of relativity, one of the two pillars of modern physics (alongside quantum mechanics). Einstein's work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science. He received the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics for his "services to theoretical physics", in particular his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect, a pivotal step in the evolution of quantum theory.

In 1917, Einstein applied the general theory of relativity to model the large-scale structure of the universe.

He was visiting the United States when Adolf Hitler came to power in 1933 and, being Jewish, did not go back to Germany, where he had been a professor at the Berlin Academy of Sciences. He settled in the U.S., becoming an American citizen in 1940. On the eve of World War II, he endorsed a letter to President Franklin D. Roosevelt alerting him to the potential development of "extremely powerful bombs of a new type" and recommending that the U.S. begin similar research. This eventually led to what would become the Manhattan Project. Einstein supported defending the Allied forces, but largely denounced the idea of using the newly discovered nuclear fission as a weapon. Later, with the British philosopher Bertrand Russell, Einstein signed the Russell–Einstein Manifesto, which highlighted the danger of nuclear weapons. Einstein was affiliated with the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, until his death in 1955.

Apple Inc. (commonly known as Apple) is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, online services, and personal computers. Its best-known hardware products are the Mac line of computers, the iPod media player, the iPhone smartphone, the iPad tablet computer, and the Apple Watch smartwatch. Its online services include iCloud, the iTunes Store, and the App Store. Apple's consumer software includes the OS X and iOS operating systems, the iTunes media browser, the Safari web browser, and the iLife and iWork creativity and productivity suites.

Apple was founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne on April 1, 1976, to develop and sell personal computers.[5] It was incorporated as Apple Computer, Inc. on January 3, 1977, and was renamed as Apple Inc. on January 9, 2007, to reflect its shifted focus towards consumer electronics. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) joined the Dow Jones Industrial Average on March 19, 2015.[6]

Apple is the world's second-largest information technology company by revenue after Samsung Electronics, world's largest technology company by Total Assets and the world's third-largest mobile phone maker. On November 25, 2014, in addition to being the largest publicly traded corporation in the world by market capitalization, Apple became the first U.S. company to be valued at over $700 billion.
