JERUSALEM — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not directly advise visiting Republican members of Congress how to vote on the Iran nuclear deal, the leader of the delegation told reporters on Thursday. The head of a Democratic Congressional group that visited Israel last week had said the same thing to journalists.

“He doesn’t tell us how to vote but he lays out concerns for the future about what the world could look like,” said Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the House majority leader who is spending the week in Israel along with 35 mostly new members.

Mr. McCarthy said that Mr. Netanyahu — the most vocal critic of the deal signed last month between the United States, five other world powers and Iran — fielded questions from the delegation for more than 90 minutes on Wednesday and was the “most concise” and “most succinct” he has ever seen him.

“He listened to everything and it was thoughtful and he answered directly from each question,” Mr. McCarthy said of the Israeli leader.

Congressional pilgrimages to the holy land are an annual rite of summer, coordinated by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, or Aipac, the powerful pro-Israel lobby.

If Congress votes to reject the deal, as expected, before the Sept. 17 deadline, President Obama plans to use his veto, so the critical question is whether Mr. McCarthy and other Republican leaders – and, at least indirectly, Mr. Netanyahu – can muster enough Democrats to override the veto, which requires a two-thirds majority.

Mr. McCarthy on Thursday refused to handicap the vote, and dashed doubt on recent comments by his Democratic counterpart, Representative Nancy Pelosi, that she had the votes to uphold the agreement.

The majority leader also rebuffed questions about Donald J. Trump’s turbulence or popularity on the presidential campaign trail, refused to say which of the 17 Republican candidates he might support, and rejected the notion that the crowded field hurt his party’s chances in 2016.
