It's your first trip to New York City, and you're only staying for a three-day weekend. While it's impossible to take in all the excitement of the five boroughs in such a short time (lifelong NYC residents discover something new every day), you can still enjoy many of the City's essential attractions. Read on for a plan that will help you make the most of your time—these are the sights and sounds you must experience before you leave.

Day One (Midtown)
See the Skyline
New York City is defined by its skyline, and all city skylines are measured against New York's—the silhouette created by Manhattan's buildings is nothing short of iconic. In fact, NYC is home to more than 100 buildings measuring 500 feet or taller.

While you can feel this immensity everywhere in NYC, it's best experienced from the observatories at the Empire State Building and at Rockefeller Center's Top of the Rock. (After you've enjoyed the scenery from atop a skyscraper, you might long for a grounded vantage point that gives you a wide-angle perspective on Lower and Midtown Manhattan; you'll find that on day three of this itinerary, when you cross the Brooklyn Bridge and have a choice of lookouts from Brooklyn Bridge Park and the Brooklyn Heights Promenade.)

Walk Through Times Square
Times Square is where it all happens. Twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, the bright lights, big screens and bustling crowds perfectly embody the excitement of the city that never sleeps. For the greatest effect, visit after sunset—all that wattage will make you think it's still light out. And now that much of the area is closed to vehicles, you can safely stroll in the streets. While there, dine at one of the popular eateries on Restaurant Row (46th Street, between Eighth and Ninth Avenues) and shop in the huge flagship stores with spectacular extras that are attractions on their own (Toys "R" Us, for example, has an indoor Ferris wheel.) Still daylight? From Times Square, it's just a 15-minute stroll—heading north on Sixth Avenue, past classic sights like Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall—to the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), where you can visit one of the world's finest collections of contemporary art.

Give Your Regards to Broadway
Nobody does live theater like NYC. Whether you're into dramas, comedies or musicals, you'll find them all in the City's Theatre District, where Broadway shows burst with eye-popping sets, A-list celebrities and, above all, pizzazz. You can choose from long-running shows like Chicago and Mamma Mia!, newer smash musicals such as Kinky Boots and The Book of Mormon and projects featuring film stars like Matthew Broderick, Helen Mirren and Jake Gyllenhal in stage roles. All of the performances demonstrate why this famed NYC thoroughfare has become synonymous with theater itself. Visit the TKTS Discount Booth in Times Square for discounted tickets to some shows, and climb the red steps for an unmatched view of the area.