Eiffel Tower, Paris Moulin Rouge Show and Seine River Cruise

Enjoy a memorable night out in Paris by combining a visit to the Eiffel Tower and Seine River cruise with a cabaret show at the Moulin Rouge. Enjoy dinner at the Eiffel Tower's 58 Tour Eiffel restaurant followed by a one-hour river cruise, or dine on board a Seine River dinner cruise followed by a 1-hour visit to the 2nd floor of the Eiffel Tower. Whichever option you choose, complete your night at the home of the Cancan, the famous Moulin Rouge in bohemian Montmartre.

You can choose between the following dinner in Paris packagesEiffel Tower Dinner: Enjoy a delicious 3-course meal at the specially designed, airship-style 58 Tour Eiffel restaurant, on the 1st floor of the Eiffel Tower. The elegant restaurant is 95 meters (311 feet) above sea level and 58 meters (190 feet) above ground level, with scenic views over the Seine to the Trocadero from its large picture windows. After dinner, take a one-hour evening cruise on the Seine River and tour Paris' floodlit monuments at night.Seine River Cruise Dinner:Enjoy a delicious 3-course meal on board the Marina de Paris restaurant boat whilst gliding down the Seine River. During your cruise you will see the most famous sites of Paris illuminated. Don't miss Notre Dame, the Louvre, Eiffel Tower and the stunning romantic bridges of Paris! After dinner you will take a 1-hour visit to the Eiffel Tower’s 2nd floor to enjoy stunning views across the whole city.Moulin Rouge ParisNext, head to the heart of Paris' nightlife, Montmartre, and the Moulin Rouge! You'll experience the Moulin Rouge's new "Féerie" review and the essence of Parisian cabaret. A troupe of 100 artists, including 60 legendary Doriss dancers, will entertain you dressed in exotic costumes of feathers, rhinestones and sequins. The sumptuous sets and vibrant light show of "Féerie" provide a colorful backdrop for brilliantly choreographed performances on moving staircases, in a gigantic aquarium, on swings and in garden settings.
